Is Success here?
Captain No. 6, you are here
Chenggongzi, what new projects have you recently met?
Need to mobilize funds?
Nothing?
It's just a slap in the face of an old Xiang Fang who is responsible for maintaining the world.
What kind of person is old?
Chase for success
Are you looking for death?
What's wrong?
No trumpet leader is coming
Were you beaten for acting?
Is there a trumpet leader? What?
That means you need to mobilize funds
Do you want him to press my face?
Boss Hong, why are you here?
Liu Zhong, can’t you see me?
Captain No. 6, what are you doing?
You are the President of the World Bank
So why lose a sachet and get old as a reward?
Do you know my true strength?
Only dare to step on small feet
It’s really not locked
are you kidding me
My family has never passed anyone like this.
You said he is better than me
Just support me
The current trend of live financial trading
Put it this way
You won't help him
Only then can I be reasonable